Extend `RUIProvider` with `globalProps` to pass props to all UI and layout components using provider, create Component Customization page in documentation (#215)
react-ui-org/react-ui: src/docs/customize/global-props.mdx

---
name: Global Props
menu: Customize
route: /customize/global-props
---

# Global Props

import { Playground } from 'docz'
import {
  Toolbar,
  ToolbarItem,
} from '../../lib/components/layout/Toolbar';
import Button from '../../lib/components/ui/Button';
import SelectField from '../../lib/components/ui/SelectField';
import TextField from '../../lib/components/ui/TextField';
import { RUIProvider } from '../../lib/provider';

Sometimes it can be useful to share some configuration props between
multiple instances of components of the same or different kind.

> This can be achieved by wrapping application or its part with `RUIProvider`
> and passing in the common props through `globalProps` prop. With or without
> using `RUIProvider` the component can be configured by passing in the props
> directly. The props passed in directly always take precedence over props
> coming from `RUIProvider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be achieved by wrapping application or its part with `RUIProvider`
and passing in common props through the `globalProps` prop. Regardless of
using `RUIProvider`, the component can still be configured by passing in the props
directly. The props passed in directly always take precedence over props
coming from `RUIProvider`.
```

Just my feelings, use it or not as you see fit.
